How to update?
--------------
Please follow the steps below to update an existing refbase v0.7 installation
to v0.8:

- First of all, please make sure that you have a recent backup of your
  refbase MySQL database! This can be accomplished by issuing the following
  command from your shell:

  mysqldump DATABASE_NAME --complete-insert -uADMINUSER -p --flush-logs --opt > refbase-backup.sql

  In the above line, replace DATABASE_NAME with the database name that you've
  specified in variable '$databaseName' (file 'db.inc') for refbase v0.7.
  Similarly, replace ADMINUSER with the name of the administrative user that
  has full access to the MySQL admin database. As an example, if the variable
  '$databaseName' is set to "literature" and your administrative user is
  "root", the above line would read:

  mysqldump literature --complete-insert -uroot -p --flush-logs --opt > refbase-backup.sql

  The resulting backup file will enable you to re-establish your current
  database (using the refbase v0.7 'install.php' script and specifying
  'refbase-backup.sql' as SQL dump file).

- Currently, the update process won't read/retain your existing settings. So,
  please make sure that you have a backup copy of your existing include files
  'db.inc' and 'ini.inc.php'!

- Move all files from within the 'files' directory to your web directory.
  (If you want to keep the refbase v0.7 scripts, simply copy the v0.8 scripts
  to another directory or sub-directory within your main web directory)

- Open the file 'db.inc.php' (sub-dir 'initialize/') in a text editor and
  re-enter the values from your old 'db.inc' file for the variables
  '$databaseName', '$username' and '$password'.

- Now, open a web browser and access the 'update.php' script by typing:

    http://SERVER_ADDRESS/PATH_ON_SERVER/update.php

   (where the string 'SERVER_ADDRESS' is replaced by your server name and
   'PATH_ON_SERVER' is the actual path specification to your refbase v0.8
    web directory)

  This should bring up the update form. Edit the contents of all
  text entry fields to match your server setup and supply the MySQL
  admin password, then click the 'Update' button to update the
  database.

  This will add any MySQL tables that were added in v0.8 and alter your
  existing tables to match the table design used by refbase v0.8. Your data
  should remain untouched by this operation.

- After you've successfully performed the update, please remove the files
  'update.php' & 'update.sql' (as well as 'install.php' & 'install.sql') from
  your web directory.

